I
hello everyone thank you for tuning in
to my Channel today I'm coming to you
with my October favorites so for the
month of october i have just a few
favorites that i really want to share
with you my first favorite is the
Karen's body beautiful hair blossom
moisture miss and I really like this
because it works really good for
resetting my hair at night so if I feel
like I need a little bit more moisture
instead of just using water to spray my
hair down I will spray this on i have
like not that much left it feels like it
might be around here i've been using it
a lot i have the fragrance creamy cocoa
mango and this fragrance is really nice
it's really pretty on the hair and ever
it's not too strong and it keeps my hair
really nice and soft my next favorite
for the month of october is the aubrey
organics honeysuckle rose conditioner I
will be getting a review out to you all
on this very soon but what I love about
this conditioner is that it's really
thick and moisturizing when you put this
conditioner on your hair it leaves your
hair is so soft so I really like this
for co washing because I know that I'm
going to get that moisture boost my next
October favorite is the as I am double
butter cream this double butter cream
gives me the most amazing twist out ever
not to mention when using it again at
night it keeps the hold and the
definition of my twist out I
absolutely absolutely love this and my
last favorite for the month of October
is the thus often free nothing but
intense healing masks this is a deep
conditioner and it really keeps your
hair nice and moisturized so soft so
dreamy like it just feels so good um you
put it on your hair and it goes on so
nice and rich very moisturizing I found
that it left my hair so soft it's really
good um definitely a good investment if
you're looking for another deep
conditioner especially if you're looking
for something that that's close to
natural as possible this is definitely
something you want to try if you have
any questions please leave them below
and as always I love you for watching
bye
you